Modify rule S2094: Add JavaScript language (#1720)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S2094/javascript/rule.adoc

include::../description.adoc[]

Additionally, one shouldn't use a class to define exclusively static methods. Instead one can use a module, or better, export each function separately.

== Why is this an issue?

Using an empty class serves no purpose and can hinder the readability of the code.

[source,javascript]
----
class Foo {
  static bar() {
    // ...
  }
}
----

//=== What is the potential impact?

== How to fix it

You can export the functions that you wish to make available.

[source,javascript]
----

> export function bar {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export function bar() {
```

> include::../description.adoc[]

Reviewer: I wonder whether we should write our own description because `description.adoc` talks about `interface`, which doesn't make too much sense for JavaScript at least.

Reviewer 2: it does for TS though?

Reviewer: Yep, never mind my comment.

> Additionnaly, one shouldn't use a class to store exclusively static methods. In JavaScript, you can use a module, or better export each method separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, one shouldn't use a class to define exclusively static methods. Instead one can use a module, or better, export each function separately.
```

== Why is this an issue?

Using an empty class serves no purpose and can hinder the readability of the code.

[source,javascript]
----
class Foo {

>   static bar: () => {
>     // ...
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  static bar() {
    // ...
  }
```

}
----

//=== What is the potential impact?

== How to fix it

> You can simply directly import the functions that you wish to make available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can simply directly export the functions that you wish to make available.
```

Reviewer: Wondering whether we should remove the extra `simply directly` part.

[source,javascript]
----
export bar = () => {
  // ...
}
----

=== Code examples

==== Noncompliant code example

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----
class Foo {
  static bar: () => {
    // ...
  }
}

class DoAndLog {
  constructor () {
    console.log('I\'m done!');
  }
}
----

==== Compliant solution

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----

> export bar = () => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export function bar() {
```

  // ...
}

function doAndLog() {
  console.log('I\'m done!');
}
----

//=== How does this work?

//=== Pitfalls

//=== Going the extra mile

== Resources

=== Documentation

> * 

Reviewer: Did you intend to put some links ?
